I believe in taking risks in life that's
why I'm wearing white to make spaghetti
and meatballs
now you could spend all day making sauce
or you could do it my quick and easy way
and make the sauce and the spaghetti and
the meatballs all in 35 minutes and
here's how we're gonna start by
preparing some soft fresh breadcrumbs
for the meatballs so I have two slices
of my homemade whole-wheat bread which
is soft you can use white bread or a
soft whole way but it has to be soft
like this okay so we're gonna put that
in the food processor and we're gonna
cross what they call fresh breadcrumbs
do not use dried bread compasses it has
to be fresh breadcrumbs so we'll process
it for about 10 seconds and that's how
you make fresh breadcrumbs so it's about
three quarters of a cup of crumbs and
two slices like that will do it so we
put those crumbs into a bowl okay with
this batter and to the breadcrumbs we're
gonna add 1/3 cup of milk now I'm using
1% milk you can use whole milk if you
want but I just use it to keep the
calories down so I'm gonna stir it up
just a little bit with a four kind of
get it all in there
and while that absorbs this milk while
the bread absorbs the milk we're gonna
go on and make the sauce
okay now what I do is I like to have a
smooth sauce I'm going to use the same
food processor if you don't have a food
processor you can cut the bread into
tiny little pieces and do the same thing
and you can puree the tomatoes in a
blender but I'm going to use the same
food processor I'm using a twenty eight
twenty eight ounce can of plum tomatoes
they make the best tasting sauce I like
it kind of smooth so I'm going to puree
the tomatoes first
all right that's been maybe 20 seconds
and I think that's good to go
okay alright so I started my burner
going now let me just tell you about the
or my popcorn let me tell you about the
pot you do need a pot that's at least
seven inches across the bottom so
measure the bottom of your pot it has to
be seven inches across because you have
to fit all the meatballs in there in one
layer so all right so now we're gonna
make the sauce while the bread crumbs
soak and we're going to saute
clove of garlic which I have in here see
that I already suppressed it in a
tablespoon of olive oils so I'm going to
put the olive oil in here all
approximate just sauce you know but a
tablespoon but the reason that you want
to use a generous amount of oil is
because the oil helps the lycopene and
the tomatoes absorb better into your
system it's a good cancer protector okay
see the garlic is kind of gold now
that's the perfect time to add the
tomato so there it's it's been about
maybe one full minute now we're going to
add the tomatoes okay alright so that's
it tomatoes are in now we're gonna add a
few more ingredients and let this cook
here's what we're gonna add we're adding
1/2 here's it's right here it's 1/2
teaspoon of Italian spice like a
combination of Italian seasonings 1/2
teaspoon 2 teaspoons of sugar 1/4
teaspoon of salt they're gonna go in
here ok and some fresh pepper to taste
and well you got to do the fresh pepper
okay alright well stir that up it's
still bubbling so we're just gonna let
it cook away here and we're gonna add
some fresh basil but we're not gonna do
it till the very last minute at all
fantastic alright so we'll turn it down
just a little let it simmer over here
while we put together the meatballs okay
now we have the the 3/4 of a cup of soft
fresh breadcrumbs they've soaked in all
that nice milk now we're going to add
all of these ingredients here first of
all it's an egg one egg gets added and
then here's all the rest of the stuff
very easy
it's a tablespoon of fresh parsley a
tablespoon of parmesan a tablespoon each
it's 1/2 teaspoon of Italian spice the
same one that went into the sauce a
clove of garlic and a quarter teaspoon
of salt ok and of course some fresh
pepper to taste okay alright so that's
all the flavoring for the meatballs
we're going to you have to stir this
before you add the meat okay because
it's it's much better much better way to
it incorporate all these
flavors and everything - what's mixed in
evenly so there that's it okay now we're
going to add a 3/4 of a pound of ground
beef and here it is right here
that goes in okay simple now we're gonna
make some meatballs now I'd like to use
gloves but you know I forgot my gloves
again I don't know how that happens
every time I make a video I forget my
gloves anybody anybody thank you thank
you
okay you can do this by hand I do it
because I don't want to keep soaking my
hands in water and drumming them out but
just easier okay so now we're gonna
combine all this sauce just bubbling
nicely we're gonna combine all this you
have to do it by hand and don't overdo
it you just kind of fold underneath and
like that and kind of squeeze it until
you see it that's fairly well
incorporated and I'm gonna show you my
trick fourth this is this this recipe
serves four people two meatballs each so
we're going to be making eight meatballs
okay here's my little trick you take the
mixture once it's all mixed up like that
it looks pretty good okay and in the
bowl I kind of divide it in half like
this okay and then I divide it in half
again it's not perfect but it gives you
a rough idea of how much you can use in
each one so each one of these section is
gonna make two meatballs okay so you
just pick the meatballs and these are
about two inches across and what I do is
I put the meatballs on a plate or
something and I want to dump them all in
the sauce at the same time so there's
one about a two inch two inches so you
shape all the meatballs first and then
we're going to drop them into the sauce
and the Reid there's two reasons why
these meatballs are so soft one is
because we're using fresh breadcrumbs
and not dried
and the other is cuz they're gonna cook
in the sauce and that just makes them
taste better and makes them super super
soft okay so let me finish up these
eight meatballs in with the people put
them in the sauce
okay last meatball here it is
didn't take very long now here's my
eight meatballs as you can see they're
not perfect but I consider meatballs
like people they're not all perfect so
but they're close enough in shape so now
we're gonna drop them and give the sauce
a little stir here and we drop them into
the sauce and that's it okay now that's
why you need that 7 inch saucepan to
make sure that these get all underneath
the sauce and then the sauce level is
going to come up as the meatballs go in
so there's 1 2 3 kind of gently 4 5 6 7
okay now if they're not completely
covered you can just kind of tap them a
little bit and now this cooks for 20
minutes and while those are that's it
we're just going to add the basil at the
end while that's cooking we make the
spaghetti and we're done less than 35
minutes so the meatballs have been
cooking now for about 10 minutes the
water is boiling time to cook the
spaghetti now the package says 2 ounces
per person what if you're 5 3 ounces
just for me all right the sauce is done
look just look at this the meatballs are
done the sauce is done it's nice and
thick look at that here there's one more
thing to do though and this is really
important
fresh basil you have to add at least 2
tablespoons of fresh basil you just kind
of slice it into little strips or pieces
it doesn't even matter but this smells
amazing
you just this is so key I think that's
about 2 tablespoons fresh basil is key
there's nothing like this smell but you
have to do it last minute cuz you don't
want to cook too much so we'll stir in
the basil Oh smells amazing you got to
come over ok
sit you just throw that in fresh the
spaghetti is done turn that off we're
gonna drain the spaghetti all right I'll
put it back in here and the best way I
find is to stir a little sauce into the
spaghetti first though it has red all
through it just a little bit of sauce
like that and tongs are a good way to
kind of stir the sauce into it so it's
all covered in red okay so there's my
three ounce serving that's not that much
come on okay now to serve it you got
your spaghetti you put your two
meatballs on top a little more sauce
with that amazing basil look at that ah
okay now of course if you like me
there's still one more thing to do
a little bit of fresh parmesan okay a
little fresh parm oh my god the
spaghetti and meatballs it's just the
best thing in the world all right so now
there is a proper way to eat spaghetti
okay
supposed to use a spoon and a fork and
you go in and you kind of use the spoon
and you twirl like that to get a nice
little one bite right like that which is
fine if you're dining with the royal
family but then there's my way and my
way is you take the fork and you just
twirl and twirl and twirl and shove it
in it's time saver
awesome there are a lot of fancy ways to
make garlic bread but I like to keep it
simple a good look for bread lots of
fresh garlic and a simple easy recipe
and this one is really really easy
Pizza is really about the crust isn't it
especially pan pizza so how would you
like to make the most amazing pan pizza
and the easiest no rolling no kneading
no work and you get this beautiful
golden crispy crust